Change device type description (#1821)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/manage/actions.md

This action allows you to [enable support access][support-access] to an individual devices for a set time period.

### Change device type

> If one or more devices has been added to an application with the wrong [device type](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/hardware/versioning/#device-types), you have the ability to change it on the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one or more devices has been added to an application with the wrong [device type](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/hardware/versioning/#device-types), one can change the device-type for their devices through the dashboard. There are 2 ways to go about this, 
```

> Option 1: On the application’s device list, select one or more devices and clip the `Actions` drop down on the top right corner of the list. Select `Change device type` and follow the instructions on the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 1: On the application’s device list, select one or more devices and click the `Actions` drop-down menu on the top right corner. Select `Change device type` option from the list and follow the instructions on the modal.
```

> Option 2: On the device page, click `Actions` on the left-hand side menu, scroll down to `Dangerous actions`, click `Change device type` and follow the instructions on the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 2: On the device page, click `Actions` tab on the left sidebar menu. Scroll down to the `Dangerous actions` section and click `Change device type` after which follow the instructions on the modal to change your device-type.
```
